chore: pause sequencer when talos installed and iso booted (#9244)
siderolabs/talos: website/content/v1.8/reference/kernel.md

```text
talos.device.settle_time=3m
```

#### `talos.halt_if_installed`

> If set to `1`, Talos will pause the boot sequence and keeps printing a message until the boot timeout is reached if it detects that it is already installed. This is useful if booting from ISO/PXE and you want to prevent the machine from booting from the boot source after installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If set to `1`, Talos will pause the boot sequence and keeps printing a message until the boot timeout is reached if it detects that it is already installed. This is useful if booting from ISO/PXE and you want to prevent the machine accidentally booting from the ISO/PXE after installation to the disk.
```
